
 -  Combining three different technologies, Dayo, is an effective way to solve one's mental health by putting a smile on his face. The first technology, the daily reasons and activities, are meant to motivate people to create a better life for themselves, both physically and mentally. The chatbot provides great information in getting knowledge about mental health issues and being of help as a confidential friend to a user who is feeling down, showing the beauty of life. Finally, the breathing exercise is effective in relaxing people who are suffering from panic attacks caused by the everyday life's burdens.
 -  Dayo is an efficient appin offering solutions that help with the improvement of mental health. It adresses this problem by using new technologies such as the chatbot, reason and activity of the day, breathing exercises, which make the app interesting and accesible. The app uses a solution through all of these combined for promoting the right putting in theme of mental health . Other competitors, such as Wysa and Stresscoach have features like a chatbot, but don't have the rest, while Headspace offers ways of improving  mental health by sanitary ways, but doesn't have a chatbot. Mental problems are different from one person to another, so a multitude of inovative features in combating them is necessary, which our app has. The features which offers Dayo a good competitive advance are the daily reason and activity, which are meant to help and motivate the persons who are going through a hard time, being short and interesting. Aditionally, its launching after the prolonged Covid 19 period can become a real help to the persons who were affected by the pandemic.
